What that's weird
You know what?
She's definitely gonna be at our class reunion. I know you hated school
But you should come with go talk to her. Find out what the hell is going on
Is that Ava Grant I thought she was too cool for these things
Hey, Ava. I heard you finally got a position at M Hotel
The M Hotel isn't that owned by the aristocracy. What are you doing Ava? Don't get too excited
She's just a receptionist
Don't be so rude
A receptionist is a perfectly good position for someone who isn't intelligent and wants to sleep her way to the top
Wow, so is that what you think of me too, Julia?
You know what? Why don't you just shut the fuck up both of you Ava's the CEO of secretary now
She's making more money in a month and you both are making it a year really so I guess you did sleep your way to the top
Doesn't surprise me makes sense since you were voted most likely to lie on her back. Okay high school. Hey, Julian
You were a horrible bitter bitch high school and you're a horrible bitter bitch now